Simplify security considerations (#199)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-blind-signatures: draft-irtf-cfrg-rsa-blind-signatures.md

# Security Considerations {#sec-considerations}

Lysyanskaya proved one-more-forgery polynomial security of RSABSSA variants in the random

> oracle model under the one-more-RSA assumption in {{Lys22}}. This means the adversary,
> interacting with the server (signer) as a client, cannot output n+1 valid message and
> signature tuples after only interacting with the server n times for n distinct
> messages, for some n which is polynomial in the protocol's security parameter.

Author: ```suggestion
oracle model under the one-more-RSA assumption in {{Lys22}}. This means the adversary
cannot output n+1 valid message and signature tuples, where all messages are distinct, after
interacting with the server (signer) as a client only n times, for some n which is polynomial
in the protocol's security parameter.
```

Lysyanskaya also proved that the RSABSSA variants which use the PrepareRandomize function

> achieve blindness in {{Lys22}}. Blindness means that the malicious signer learns nothing
> about the client input during the protocol. However, additional assumptions on the message

Author: ```suggestion
achieve blindness in {{Lys22}}. Blindness means that the malicious signer learns nothing
about the client input and output after the protocol execution. However, additional assumptions on the message
```
